📖 Fix broken link to external cloud provider template (#2591)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/book/src/topics/external-cloud-provider.md

# External Cloud Provider

> To deploy a cluster using [external cloud provider](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack), create a cluster configuration with the [cluster flatcar template](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack/blob/main/templates/cluster-template-flatcar.yaml) or refer to [helm chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack/tree/master/charts/openstack-cloud-controller-manager).

Reviewer: Actually, all the templates are configured with `cloud-provider: external` now, so I suggest we phrase it a bit differently and just link to the whole directory.

```suggestion
All [cluster templates](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack/blob/main/templates) are meant to be used with the external cloud provider for OpenStack.
Refer to the [external cloud provider repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack) or the [helm chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack/tree/master/charts/openstack-cloud-controller-manager) for more details.
```

Author: Thanks @lentzi90. I have updated it.
